docs: fixed the developer guide link in README.md (#10722)
rook/rook: tests/README.md

export TEST_SCRATCH_DEVICE=/dev/vdb
```

Change the `TEST_SCRATCH_DEVICE` and point it to the correct block device name based on the driver that's being used.

> For example `/dev/sdb` in case the driver is `virtualbox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `virtualbox` minikube driver, the device should be `/dev/sdb`.
```

> Please note that the integration tests erase the contents of TEST_SCRATCH_DEVICE.

Reviewer: While you are at it, please add backticks to the `TEST_SCRATCH_DEVICE` and on line 55/58 below the path `tests/integration/_output`.
```suggestion
Please note that the integration tests erase the contents of `TEST_SCRATCH_DEVICE`.
```
